Add Calico CNI configuration information, fix note formatting (#1382)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.11/reference/cluster-configuration.md

```bash
gcloud compute firewall-rules describe gke-to-linkerd-control-plane
```

## Calico CNI

> For Calico to be able to enforce network policies it needs to get the Pod's IP
> address from the Kubernetes API Server, but the `postStart` hooks introduced
> in 2.11 interfere with this. Calico's network policy won't let traffic through
> until it has acquired the Pod's IP address, and the Pod can't progress until it
> has network connectivity.

Reviewer: I think this is fine, but again, I'd like to be a bit more generic and articulate more on what the problem is. Here's how I would do it, feel free to add your own spin to it if you want:

```suggestion
Linkerd uses a `postStart` lifecycle hook for all control plane components, and all injected workloads by default. The hook will poll proxy readiness through [linkerd-await(https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd-await) and block the main container from starting until the proxy is ready to handle traffic. By default, the hook will time-out in 2 minutes.

CNI plugins that are responsible for setting up and enforcing `NetworkPolicy` resources can interfere with the lifecycle hook's execution. While lifecycle hooks are running, the container will not reach a `Running` state. Some CNI plugin implementations acquire the Pod's IP address only after all containers have reached a running state, and the kubelet has updated the Pod's status through the API Server. Without access to the Pod's IP, the CNI plugins will not operate correctly. This in turn will block the proxy from being set-up, since it does not have the necessary network connectivity.
```

Reviewer: It's a bit more verbose but I think it'll save people time from having to look-up the actual details since we're being more thorough in our explanation.

> Until this behavior is fixed, manually removing the `postStart` hooks in case
> of the control plane components and annotating either the workloads and/or
> namespaces with `config.linkerd.io/proxy-await: disabled` in the case of data
> plane components solves this issue.

Reviewer: This is great! I'd only change the start; we'd ideally want this piece of documentation to hold and not have to change it between releases. As of `stable-2.11.x`, we can only remove the hook manually on the control plane components. I wouldn't specify "Until the behavior is fixed", since imo that'd require changes to the docs and us keeping up with the state of other CNI implementations. Not to mention, people may run outdated versions that do not contain the fix.

```suggestion
As a workaround, users can manually remove the `postStart` lifecycle hook from control plane components. For injected workloads, users may opt out of the lifecycle hook through the root-level `await: false` option, or alternatively, behavior can be overridden at a workload or namespace level through the annotation `config.linkerd.io/proxy-await: disabled`.  Removing the hook will allow containers to start asynchronously, unblocking network connectivity once the CNI plugin receives the pod's IP.
```

Something like this :)
